[Music]
i come back again with mac's story all
right here we go to storyline of this
film
[Music]
a person whose life is directionless and
doing the same things but without any
results or changes in daily life
it can happen to friends or other family
members likewise a man named lemuel
gulliver
who has worked for decades as a mail
carrier in a media company
ten years of experience did not make him
immediately promoted he falls in love
with darcy silverman a traveling writer
who works for the same company
i forgot something yeah me too
gulliver certainly wanted to be close to
him but he was just a lowly employee in
the company
then he looked for a way to get closer
to darcy
finally he tried to become a traveling
writer too but he had difficulty in
writing his first article and ran out of
ideas to write it occurred to him to
copy someone else's article and show it
to darcy
darcy credits gulliver for a good
article he also suggested frequent
picnics to get inspiration to write more
articles
i don't know what got into his mind so
he decided to travel to the bermuda
triangle
gulliver spent his time reading
magazines until he fell asleep because
the journey to get there was very boring
without realizing it suddenly he was in
the middle of a fierce sea with high
waves and his boat headed towards a very
large whirlpool
then he was sucked inside the next
morning gulliver woke up and was
stranded on the beach
he could not move his legs and arms
a group of dwarf men approached him one
of the men introduced himself as general
edward a troop commander in the land of
lilliput
he said that gulliver was arrested for
trying to enter the country
gulliver panicked and frightened to see
the dwarves he tried to escape but was
easily caught again
gulliver is in chains and in prison in a
cave located on a deserted island
it turns out that he is not alone either
he then gets acquainted with another
prison inmate named horatio
he was imprisoned by edward for falling
in love with daughter mary
according to gulliver that is a very
ridiculous excuse
horatio explained that a poor person in
lilliput land who fell in love with a
member of the royal family would be
considered a criminal and should be
severely punished
general edward used this opportunity to
order gulliver to plow the fields
because of his enormous size
then the sound of a bell was heard
indicating an attack from the next
country namely the blessfucian country
edward ran as fast as he could to save
mary's daughter horatio had a feeling
that the princess was in great danger
and he begged gulliver to save her
immediately
without a second thought horatio then
released the chain holding gulliver
the blasphemician troops who were about
to kidnap the princess were shocked by
gulliver's giant body
finally he managed to get princess mary
to safety and horatio came to see him
after that a bell rang signaling a fire
gulliver ran as fast as he could to find
his location and what caught fire turned
out to be the royal castle
king theodore was trapped in a room with
a huge flame
[Music]
gulliver had a crazy idea to put out the
fire
he took off his pants then used his pee
to save king theodore from the fire
the king was very grateful to gulliver
for saving him and he celebrated the day
by hosting a dinner
that evening the king and queen asked if
gulliver was from the forbidden island
gulliver was confused by the question
but he explained that he was from new
york city
he also explains that in his hometown he
is a brave hero
the king then offered to build a
residence for gulliver gulliver happily
accepted king theater's offer without a
second thought the land of lilliput is
known for its expertise in building
things
they built gulliver's dream house in a
very short time
not only that gulliver also built a
theater so that all lilliput residents
can enjoy it
with gulliver's help horatio was finally
able to meet and talk to princess mary
however their conversation was heard by
edward which made him hate gulliver and
horatio even more
in the evening edward managed to find
the wreckage of the boat and gulliver's
cell phone
gulliver was very happy with edward's
findings then he opened his cell phone
and listened to the voicemail on his
cell phone which turned out to be from
darcy
darcy is very disappointed and angry
with gulliver because the article he
wrote earlier turned out to be the
result of copying from someone else
this leaves darcy in big trouble at the
office
after hearing darcy's words gulliver
felt guilty and sad the next morning
edward tries to convince king theodore
that he must get rid of gulliver as soon
as possible
however king theodore instead appointed
gulliver to become the country's war
general
this made edward even more emotional and
hated gulliver he then purposely shuts
down the marine defense system this
opportunity was used by the blephasian
countries to attack
gulliver is called upon to counter the
blessfuitian attack daw actually did not
want a war to occur so he went to the
blessfucian king and advised him to
pretend to be afraid and then run away
the king refused and attacked with
hundreds of canon attacks
the cannonballs tickled gulliver a
little and he
easily drove the bless fusion fleet out
of the lillaput sea area
the king and queen love gulliver even
more they renovated the city so that it
resembled new york city gulliver's
hometown
he also received special services from
the kingdom by building a playground
massage place and even haircut
seeing gulliver's success edward became
increasingly jealous plus princess mary
broke off her engagement with edward
eventually he met the blessed fusion
king out of emotion and begged him to
help him carry out his evil plan
edward plans to make a giant robot
inspired by gulliver's magazine that he
found on the beach yesterday
everyone was startled in the middle of a
music concert suddenly by the sound of a
bell signaling another attack
then a machine that looks like a
trashcan came to gulliver and it turned
out to be a machine created by edward
he challenged to a duel and gulliver
underestimated the creation machine that
looked like a trash can
it turned out that the machine turned
into a giant robot whose size was even
larger than gulliver's body
he tried to knock the robot down but to
no avail edward then easily pulled
gulliver's panties and embarrassed him
in front of the king and queen
gulliver finally gave up in pain he then
said that he was not a hero but a coward
then apologized for disappointing
everyone
finally edward tied gulliver's body on a
raft and sent him to the forbidden
island
after regaining consciousness gulliver
thought that he had returned to the
normal world but he turned out to be in
a much more terrible place a giant
little girl catches gulliver and puts
him in a dollhouse and plays with him
every day
gulliver was scared so he always obeyed
the giant girl's request
returning to the land of lilliput
unexpectedly darcy was also stranded
there and finally he was arrested by
edward
horatio saw it all and then planned to
go to the forbidden island to tell
gulliver
he tried to get princess mary to go with
him however the princess refused for
fear that edward would hurt her father
and mother who were in prison
horatio was succeeded to go to the
forbidden island and met gulliver
he told him that darcy was stranded and
had been caught by edward
gulliver felt even more regret after
learning that darcy had come all the way
from new york and was willing to go
looking for him
horatio then convinces gulliver to be
brave and confident to save darcy
what horatio said was true gulliver
didn't want the woman he loved to be
hurt by edward
they both finally returned to the land
of lilliput and as soon as possible
found darcy in prison
this opportunity is also used by
gulliver to apologize for his stupid
actions and then honestly say that he
has always liked darcy and is willing to
do anything to be close to him
hearing gulliver's honesty darcy's heart
melted and she forgave him and she asked
what we should do now to help the
lilliput kingdom
gulliver has an idea and is about to
prove he's not a coward anymore
so he again challenges edward and his
robot to a rematch
with all his might gulliver tries to
fight back but the robot has been
upgraded and has a variety of weapons
horatio saw gulliver who was about to
lose he bravely decided to sneak into
the military robot and manage to unplug
the power source inside
this opportunity is used by gulliver to
launch a counter-attack and finally
defeat the robot edward
princess mary fell in love with him even
more after seeing his courage
then the king theodore gave the blessing
to both of them to marry
the lilliput kingdom managed to repair
gulliver's boat he and darcy were
finally able to return to new york city
their story ends with a happy ending